
Church Of ChristApp
Welcome to
The
is a practical, modern and simple tool to help brothers and sisters to have more fellowship with one another and 
share Bible issues allowing the church to grow in life and maturity!

O app Church Of Christ é uma ferramenta prática, 
moderna e simples para ajudar os irmãos e irmãs a terem mais comunhão uns com os outros 
e a compartilhar questões bíblicas permitindo à igreja e os irmãos crescerem em vida e maturidade!

Board / Painel de Eventos

Church Of Christ App
has a board that will show the events, 
the user will be notified of the new event and will be able to post their observations.
 
O aplicativo Church Of Christ possui um Seção de Eventos, 
que mostra os eventos da Igreja, o usuário será notificado sobre o novo evento 
e poderá postar suas observações e confirmar presença.

Agenda - Contatos

Church Of Christ App
has one shared agenda, all users have access to the phone book and with all sibling data.
        
tem uma agenda compartilhado, todos os usuários têm acesso aos contatos e a todos os dados dos irmãos.

Wall - Mural da igreja

Church Of Christ App
has one shared wall, this mural will have public conversations 
of the brothers, with some special information about the brother and sisters like manager birthday congratulations.
        
tem uma Mural compartihado, este mural terá conversas públicas dos irmãos, 
com algumas informações especiais sobre os irmãos e irmãs, 
como parabéns pelo aniversário do gerente.



	

New functions incorporated in Maint247:
1-Payment of someone with PayPal, Credit Card and others.
2-management of contracts including receipts.


Welcome to
Church Of Christ

The Church Of Christ app is a practical,
modern and simple tool to help brothers and sisters to have more fellowship with one another and
share Bible issues allowing the church to grow in life and maturity!

Board
Church Of Christ app has a board that will show the events of the Church of Christ,
the user will be notified of the new event and will be able to post their observations.

Agenda
Church Of Christ app has one shared agenda, all users have access to the phone book and
with all sibling data.

Wall
Church Of Christ app has one shared wall, this mural will have public conversations
of the brothers, with some special information about the brother and sisters like manager birthday
congratulations.

